tests/e2e/selenium-ide/README.md, before:

# Selenium IDE Tests for Aspen Discovery

This directory contains Selenium IDE tests for Aspen Discovery.

## Directory Structure

- `selenium-ide/` - Contains the original test files with variables
  - `sites/` - Contains site-specific configuration files and processed test files
    - `example/` - Example site directory (included in git)
    - `[site-name]/` - Site-specific directories (not included in git)

## Setup

1. Make sure you have Node.js installed on your system.
2. Create a site-specific directory in `selenium-ide/sites/` with your site name (e.g., "nashville.production").
3. Create a configuration file named `[site-name]-test-config.json` in your site directory:
   ```
   mkdir -p selenium-ide/sites/[site-name]
   cp selenium-ide/sites/example/example-test-config.json selenium-ide/sites/[site-name]/[site-name]-test-config.json
   ```
4. Edit the configuration file to set:
   - `siteName` - A unique name for your site (e.g., "nashville.production")
   - `url` - The URL of your Aspen Discovery instance
   - `credentials` - Test patron login credentials (username, password, and invalidPassword)

## Running the Tests

### Step 1: Prepare the Test File

Before running the tests in Selenium IDE, you need to prepare the test file by replacing variables with values from your configuration:

#### Option 1: Using the batch file (Windows)

Simply double-click the `prepare-selenium-tests.bat` file in Windows Explorer.

#### Option 2: Using the shell script (Linux/macOS)

Make the script executable and run it:

```
chmod +x prepare-selenium-tests.sh
./prepare-selenium-tests.sh
```

#### Option 3: Using Node.js directly

```
node prepare-selenium-tests.js
```

Any of these methods will:
1. Find all site configuration files in `selenium-ide/sites/[siteName]/[siteName]-test-config.json`
2. Create site-specific directories based on the site names if they don't exist
3. Process the test file for each site by replacing variables with values from the configurations
4. Save the processed files to `selenium-ide/sites/[siteName]/AspenDiscovery.processed.side`

### Step 2: Open the Processed File in Selenium IDE

1. Install the Selenium IDE extension for Firefox.
2. Open Selenium IDE in Firefox.
3. Click "Open an existing project".
4. Navigate to and select the processed file from your site directory: `selenium-ide/sites/[siteName]/AspenDiscovery.processed.side`.

**Important:** Always open the processed file (`AspenDiscovery.processed.side`), not the original file (`AspenDiscovery.side`). The original file contains variables that need to be replaced before running the tests.

**Note:** Each site has its own directory under `selenium-ide/sites/` where processed test files are stored. This ensures that site-specific test files don't accidentally get committed to the shared repository. Only the `example` site directory is included in git.

### Troubleshooting

If you see an error like this when trying to open the file in Selenium IDE:
```
200: filename content-length last-modified file-type
201: META-INF/ 0 Tue,%2001%20Jan%201980%2006:00:00%20GMT DIRECTORY
201: assets/ 0 Tue,%2001%20Jan%201980%2006:00:00%20GMT DIRECTORY
...
```

It means you're trying to open the original file with variables instead of the processed file. Make sure to run `node prepare-selenium-tests.js` first and then open the processed file.

## Updating the Tests

If you make changes to the tests in Selenium IDE:

1. Export the project from Selenium IDE.
2. Save it as `selenium-ide/AspenDiscovery.side`.
3. Make sure to use variables like `${url}`, `${username}`, `${password}`, and `${invalidPassword}` instead of hardcoded values.
4. Run `node prepare-selenium-tests.js` again to create updated processed files for all sites.

## Adding a New Site

To add a new site:

1. Create a new directory in `selenium-ide/sites/` with your site name:
   ```
   mkdir selenium-ide/sites/[site-name]
   ```
2. Create a configuration file named `[site-name]-test-config.json` in the new directory:
   ```
   cp selenium-ide/sites/example/example-test-config.json selenium-ide/sites/[site-name]/[site-name]-test-config.json
   ```
3. Edit the configuration file to set your site-specific values.
4. Run `node prepare-selenium-tests.js` to process the test file for your new site.
5. The processed file will be available at `selenium-ide/sites/[site-name]/AspenDiscovery.processed.side`.

Commit message:

DIS-1051 Update Librarian instructions in README.md

tests/e2e/selenium-ide/README.md, after:

# Selenium IDE Tests for Aspen Discovery

This directory contains Selenium IDE tests for Aspen Discovery.

## Directory Structure

- `selenium-ide/` - Contains the original test files with variables
  - `sites/` - Contains site-specific configuration files and processed test files
    - `example/` - Example site directory (included in git)
      - `conf/` - Example configuration files for the example site (included in git)
        - `example-test-config.json` - Example configuration file (included in git)
    - `[site-name]/` - Site-specific directories (not included in git)
      - `conf/` - Site-specific configuration files (not included in git)
        - `[site-name]-test-config.json` - Site-specific configuration file (not included in git)

## Setup

1. Make sure you have Node.js installed on your system.
2. Create a site-specific directory in `selenium-ide/sites/` with your site name (e.g., "nashville.production").
3. Create a configuration file named `[site-name]-test-config.json` in your site directory:
   ```
   mkdir -p selenium-ide/sites/[site-name]
   cp selenium-ide/sites/example/example-test-config.json selenium-ide/sites/[site-name]/[site-name]-test-config.json
   ```
4. Edit the configuration file to set:
   - `siteName` - A unique name for your site (e.g., "nashville.production")
   - `url` - The URL of your Aspen Discovery instance
   - `credentials` - Test patron login credentials (username, password, and invalidPassword)

## Running the Tests

### Step 1: Prepare the Test File

Before running the tests in Selenium IDE, you need to prepare the test file by replacing variables with values from your configuration:

#### Option 1: Using the batch file (Windows)

Simply double-click the `prepare-selenium-tests.bat` file in Windows Explorer.

#### Option 2: Using the shell script (Linux/macOS)

Make the script executable and run it:

```
chmod +x prepare-selenium-tests.sh
./prepare-selenium-tests.sh
```

#### Option 3: Using Node.js directly

```
node prepare-selenium-tests.js
```

Any of these methods will:
1. Find all site configuration files in `selenium-ide/sites/[siteName]/conf/[siteName]-test-config.json`
2. Create site-specific directories based on the site names if they don't exist
3. Process the test file for each site by replacing variables with values from the configurations
4. Save the processed files to `selenium-ide/sites/[siteName]/`

### Step 2: Open the Processed File in Selenium IDE

1. Install the Selenium IDE extension for Chrome.
2. Open Selenium IDE in Chrome.
3. Click "Open an existing project".
4. Navigate to and select the processed file from your site directory: `selenium-ide/sites/[siteName]/AspenDiscovery.processed.side`.

**Important:** Always open the processed file in your site directory, not the original file in the `test-templates` directory. The original file contains variables that need to be replaced before running the tests.

**Note:** Each site has its own directory under `selenium-ide/sites/` where processed test files are stored. This ensures that site-specific test files don't accidentally get committed to the shared repository. Only the `example` site directory is included in git.

### Troubleshooting

If you see an error like this when trying to open the file in Selenium IDE:
```
200: filename content-length last-modified file-type
201: META-INF/ 0 Tue,%2001%20Jan%201980%2006:00:00%20GMT DIRECTORY
201: assets/ 0 Tue,%2001%20Jan%201980%2006:00:00%20GMT DIRECTORY
...
```

It means you're trying to open the original file with variables instead of the processed file. Make sure to run `node prepare-selenium-tests.js` first and then open the processed file.

## Updating the Tests

// TO DO: Add instructions for updating tests

## Adding a New Site

To add a new site:

1. Create a new directory in `selenium-ide/sites/` with your site name:
   ```
   mkdir selenium-ide/sites/[site-name]
   ```
2. Create a configuration directory within your site directory:
   ```
   mkdir selenium-ide/sites/[site-name]/conf
   ```
3. Create a configuration file named `[site-name]-test-config.json` in the new `conf/` directory:
   ```
   cp selenium-ide/sites/example/conf/example-test-config.json selenium-ide/sites/[site-name]/conf/[site-name]-test-config.json
   ```
3. Edit the configuration file to set your site-specific values.
4. Follow the steps in the "Running the Tests" section to prepare and run the tests for your new site.
