## Aspen LiDA Updates
### Account Updates
- Filter Checkouts by source within LiDA itself rather than making additional calls to Discovery APIs for improved performance and reliability. (DIS-209) (*MDN*)
- Filter Holds by source within LiDA itself rather than making additional calls to Discovery APIs for improved performance and reliability. (DIS-390) (*MDN*)
- Automatically refresh the account summary in the account drawer every 5 minutes rather than every 15 minutes to match the frequency in Aspen Discovery. (DIS-391) (*MDN*)
- Extend time out length for freezing holds to accommodate slow hold freezing in Sierra. (DIS-510) (*MDN*)

### Display Updates
- Add an optional logo for branding to display above the title within LiDA and display on all pages. (DIS-199) (*MDN*) 

### Grouped Work Updates
- Add an optional More Info button for each edition when viewing editions using similar logic for displaying the More Info button for grouped works. (DIS-207) (*MDN*) 

### Hold Updates
- Automatically refresh holds 45 seconds after a hold is placed to account for the delay when placing holds to account for delay in holds showing on the patron's account in Sierra. (DIS-208) (*MDN*)
- Show a message designed for API usage rather than the message designed for Discovery after placing a hold. (DIS-208) (*MDN*) 
- Show "This title is already on hold for you. Are you sure you want to place a duplicate?" message when attempting to place a hold on a title that a patron already has a hold on to match Discovery. (DIS-202) (*MDN*)

### Search Updates
- Added a permanent search box at the top of the Search Results screen to allow patrons to make a new search without going back to the home screen. (DIS-205) (*KK*)

### Sierra Updates
- When placing holds within Sierra indicate that there is a possible delay of up to a minute before a hold appears on the patron's account. (DIS-208) (*MDN*)
- When placing holds within Sierra, do not show an action to go to holds to de-emphasize the delay that it takes for holds to appear on the patron's account. (DIS-208) (*MDN*)

### Other Updates
- Update build scripts in LiDA to use the Android App Icon when updating configuration. (DIS-200) (*MDN*)
- Remove unused AppHeader, FacetStackNavigator, and SearchStackNavigator files. (DIS-398) (*MDN*)
- Remove calls to update build tracker which took time and bandwidth without a significant benefit to patrons or support companies. (DIS-315) (*MDN*)
- Properly handle holds that do not have a pickup location within LiDA. (DIS-509) (*MDN*)



## Aspen Discovery Updates
### Account Updates
- Add the ability for libraries to give permission for users to filter holds by linked users in ILS / Account Integration. (DIS-219) (*AB*)
- Add the ability for users to filter their holds by linked user. (DIS-219) (*AB*)
- Allow users to export only selected holds. (DIS-464) (*AB*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > Allow Filtering of Linked Accounts in Holds
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > Allow Ability To Export Only Selected Holds
</div>

### Administration Updates
- If a translatable text block does not have a default value, do not show the default tab or the copy from default button. (DIS-428) (*MDN*)
- Default modules page to show 50 modules by default and add a default filter for the module name at the top of the screen. (DIS-382) (*MDN*)

### Aspen LiDA Configuration Updates
- Add the ability to configure an Android Icon independently of the iOS icon for LiDA within Branded App Settings. Defaults to iOS icon if not supplied. (DIS-200) (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Aspen LiDA > Branded App Settings > Icon for iOS App (renamed from Logo for App Icon)
- Aspen LiDA > Branded App Settings > Icon for Android App
</div>

### API Updates
- When authenticating patrons for LiDA, only validate against the active account profile for the active library. (DIS-374) (*MDN*)
- Add additional error handling when returning records for a work to LiDA. (DIS-207) (*MDN*)
- Add support for starting a Shared Session with LiDA to open individual records (DIS-207) (*MDN*)
- 
### Boundless Updates
- Update Boundless titleLicense API endpoint to allow for processing more than 500 changed titles at a time. (DIS-447) (*YL*)
- Fix Boundless incorrect API request for canceling holds. (DIS-432) (*YL*)
- Pass the email to Boundless doHold while transitioning from Checkout to Place hold. (DIS-452) (*YL*)

### Community Engagement Updates
- Add Community Engagement Module to allow patrons to participate in reading challenges set by libraries. The module also allows staff to monitor enrollment and give rewards. (DIS-51) (*AB*)(*PA*)
- Hide Enrolled Campaigns on Account Home if the Community Engagement Module is not active. (DIS-51) (*MDN*)

### Copies Display Updates
- Change GroupedWorkDriver loadRelatedRecords to pull from getPickupLocation instead of getHomeLocation (*IT*) (DIS-403)
  - Search Results will Prioritize the Preferred pickup location for a patron instead of their Home Location in the display if it is set and different from the Home location. If no preferred pickup location is set, then Home Location will be used as before. behavior for Alt pickup 1 and alt pickup 2 will remain unchanged. (*IT*) (DIS-403)

### Cover Image Updates
- Added an option under System Variables to allow libraries to enable the use of the direct cover URLs, rather than saving and pulling cover images from the file system. (DIS-301) (*LS*)
- Improved image fetching by bypassing the logic to build the cover image URL if the URL has already been built and relevant cover information has not changed. (DIS-301) (*LS*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- System Variables > Use Original Cover URLs
</div>

### Docker Updates
- Update Docker image to use PHP 8.4, update PHP dependencies (DIS-287) (*TC*)

### Events Updates
- Add new events reporting that graphs the number of hours of events over time and can be filtered in a variety of ways. (*KP*) (DIS-192)
- Add week view to events calendar. (*KP*) (DIS-192)
- Improve printing display for events calendar. (*KP*) (DIS-192)
- Allow users with permission to add a calendar header in Calendar Display Settings and to print calendars with the uploaded header. (*KP*) (DIS-192)
- Use minutes instead of hours to set event length for Aspen Events. (*KP*) (DIS-192)
- Users can export events in iCalendar format from both the search results page and the individual record page. (*KP*) (DIS-192)
- Limit which private Aspen Events users can view, according to their permissions. (*KP*) (DIS-192)
- Separate library events settings from library events facet settings so that different libraries can have different sets of facets (*KP*) (DIS-192)
- Allow events facet groups to be copied. (*KP*) (DIS-192)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Events > Aspen Events > Event Reports
- Events > Calendar Display Settings
</div>

### Evergreen Updates
- Enable patrons to update their email address through the Contact Information page (DIS-239) (*CZ*)

### Evolve Exporter Updates
- Added existence check for the `"CircStatus"` JSON field, following the same pattern as the other fields' existence checks. (DIS-430) (*LS*)
- Refactored the code for setting the subfield values from the JSON fields to remove duplicate lines. (DIS-430) (*LS*)

### Grouped Work Format Updates
- During a new installation, a default format sorting entry is inserted into the `grouped_work_format_sort_group` table. (*LS*) (DIS-384)
- The Format String in a Grouped Work Display setting is now required, has a description, and is automatically filled with the default entry. (*LS*) (DIS-384)

### Indexing Updates
- Add System Preferences for Prefer ILS Description in Grouped Work Display. (DIS-197) (*YL*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Grouped Work Display Settings > Full Record Display > Prefer ILS Description

</div>

### Install Updates
- Properly install the logrotate configuration file on debian systems. (DIS-366) (*MDN*)
- Increase max_input_vars for php to 5000 on debian systems. (DIS-431) (*MDN*)
- Update Debian installer and upgrade scripts to incorporate the above, upgrade Debian systems to PHP 8.4, optionally install ClamAV, and use a Debian-specific logrotate config (DIS-287) (*JBoyer*)

### IP Address Usage
- Make IP Address usage updates atomic to ensure they update accurately when multiple pages load at the same time from the same IP. (DIS-378) (*MDN*)

### Koha Updates
- Respect usAllCapsWhenSubmittingSelfRegistration when submitting self-registration (DIS-358) (*WNC*)

### Series Search
- Add a new Series module that adds a separate search index for series and allows series information to be edited. (DIS-188) (*KP*)
- Add option in Library System Settings to "Use Series Index" for that library. (DIS-188) (*KP*)
- Modify grouped works indexer to create series objects during indexing if module is enabled. (DIS-188) (*KP*)
- Update indexing rules to no longer strip phrases in parentheses from series titles. (DIS-188) (*KP*)
- Update indexing rules so that if the 800 or 830 l field exists, the language is added to the series title in parentheses. (DIS-188) (*KP*)
- Create series indexer to add records to a new series Solr core. (DIS-188) (*KP*)
- Add Administer Series page.  This lists all existing series and allows someone with the Administer Series permission to modify information about the series itself as well as all the titles in the series. (DIS-188) (*KP*)
- Allow adding records to existing series and adding placeholder records for titles in the series that the library does not own. (DIS-188) (*KP*)
- Allow uploading alternate series cover. (DIS-188) (*KP*)
- Add a series record page that displays all the titles in the series. (DIS-188) (*KP*)
- Make series records work in lists and within Explore More (DIS-188) (*KP*)
- When showing series information for an individual work or record in search results or full record view link to the indexed series. (DIS-188) (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Permissions
- Local Enhancement > Administer Series

#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > Series Search Mode > Aspen Series Search
- Series > Indexing Settings
- Series > Indexing Log
- Series > Administer Series

</div>

### Sierra Updates
- When placing holds within Sierra indicate that there is a possible delay of up to a minute before a hold appears on the patron's account. (DIS-208) (*MDN*)
- Add new fields in Sierra Self Registration form and provide more customized fields for libraries (DIS-318) (*YL*)
- Optimize Sierra updateMarcAndRegroupRecordId() API calls to reduce the load on Sierra. (DIS-388) (*YL*)
- Correct error loading call numbers for checkouts that have no call number. (DIS-508) (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- ILS Integration > Self Registration Forms > Barcode Prefix, Barcode Suffix, Patron Type, Patron Code, Patron Message, Notice Preference, Patron Agency

</div>

### Summon Updates
- Update the Summon Search Indexes to match those found in Summon Serials Solutions. (DIS-232) (*AB*)
- Add a setting in Summon Settings that gives the option of filtering out results from the library catalog when searching using Summon. (DIS-314) (*AB*)


<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Summon > Filter Out Books And eBooks

</div>

### Symphony Exporter Updates
- Enhanced error and file handling for corrupt files sent from Symphony, thus preventing Aspen from looping while attempting to process those files. (DIS-456) (*LS*)
- Added try-catch around the deletion of the original gzip/zip file after successful extraction. (DIS-456) (*LS*)

### Theme Updates
- Add an optional logo for branding to display above the title within LiDA and display on all pages. (DIS-199) (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Theme & Layout > Themes > Logo to show above the screen title in LiDA
</div>

### User List Updates
- Fix so uploaded list covers will work again. Uploaded list covers are now stored in a different directory than covers uploaded for ILS records. The upgrade process will copy covers as appropriate. (DIS-364) (*MDN*)
- Allow users with permission to edit a list to remove uploaded covers if they exist. (DIS-424) (*MDN*)

### Web Builder Updates
- Introduced frontend and backend validation for uploading images with a note displaying the valid file types. (DIS-338) (*LS*)

### Web Resources Updates
- Add automatically generated pages for Web Resource categories and audiences (*KL*) (DIS-336)
- Add the ability to create custom web resource pages that intersect defined audiences and categories (*KL*) (DIS-336)
- Add a source type for custom web resource pages to use in portal cells for custom web builder pages (*KL*) (DIS-336)
- Add an automatically generated page for Web Resources from A to Z (*KL*) (DIS-336)
- Add Web Resource Settings page to allow admins to pick and choose which Resource Pages should be indexed with the web indexer (*KL*) (DIS-336)
- On the Web Resource Settings page show the location of the A to Z resource list as well as the resource list with featured resources. (*MDN*) (DIS-336) 
- Update WebBuilderIndexer.java to index pages defined in Web Resource Settings (scoped by library) (*KL*) (DIS-336)
- Add the ability to generate placards from web resources (*KL*) (DIS-336)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Permissions
- Administer All Custom Web Resource Pages - Allows the user to define custom web resource pages for all libraries.
- Administer Library Custom Web Resource Pages - Allows the user to define custom web resource pages for their home library.

#### New Settings
- Web Builder > Custom Web Resource Pages
- Web Builder > Custom Page > Cell Content > Hide Description (only shows for source type: Custom Web Resource Page)
- Web Builder > Custom Page > Cell Content > Custom Image (only shows for source type: Custom Web Resource Page)
- Web Builder > Web Resource Settings
- Web Builder > Web Resources > Generate Placard

</div>

### Other Updates
- Remove unused AspenLiDASettings class. (DIS-393) (*MDN*)
- Set translation metadata properly when creating a new collection spotlight. (DIS-427) (*MDN*)
- When authenticating the user, only authenticate with the Account Profile attached to the active library. (DIS-437) (*MDN*)
- Remove unused properties "Allow Scheduled Updates" and "Do Quick Updates" from system variables. (DIS-451) (*MDN*)
- Added check to make sure `$catalog` is not null before calling `hasIlsConsentSupport()` in `Library.php`. (DIS-394) (*LS*)
- Added `statgroup` parameter to Sierra API payment requests using active branch location, library's main location, or patron's home library as per configuration. (DIS-401) (*LS*)
- Added check for existence of `$response->AccessToken` and `$response->PatronID`; set either to `null` and log it if either do not exist. (DIS-425) (*LS*)
- add new getPickupLocation method to User.php to return the object instead of just the code (*IT*) (DIS-403)
- Allow scrolling in the PayFlow-link-iframe modal (*IT*) (DIS-334)
- Event indexing for SpringShare LibCal will now mark events from settings that have been deleted as deleted themselves. (*IT*) (DIS-450)
- Remove the strip_tags() check for ils_password to allow users to use special characters for their passwords. (DIS-389) (*YL*)
- If the catalog driver is not set for a specific library, hide the 'Enable ILS-issued consents' setting on the relevant settings page. (*CZ*)
- Allow staff members to submit a masquerade login as a user using the Enter key (DIS-411) (*LM*)
- Remove redundant code in `getInnReachResults` method (DIS-395) (*TC*)
- Add logging to INN-Reach contents fetching (DIS-397) (*TC*)
- Add Null Check for OverDrive getSubjects (DIS-473) (*YL*)
- Added nullable type hint to `?array $items` parameter for `MarcRecordDriver::oneOrMoreHoldableItemsOwnedByPatronHoldGroups()`. (DIS-502) (*LS*)

## This release includes code contributions from
### ByWater Solutions
  - Nick Clemens (WNC)
  - Leo Stoyanov (LS)
  - Imani Thomas (IT)
  - Yanjun Li (YL)

### Equinox Open Library Initiative
  - Jason Boyer (JBoyer)

### Grove For Libraries
  - Mark Noble (MDN)
  - Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
  - Katherine Perdue (KP)
  - Kodi Lein (KL)

### PTFS-Europe
  - Alexander Blanchard (AB)
  - Chloe Zermatten (CZ)

### Theke Solutions
  - Lucas Montoya (LM)
  - Tomás Cohen Arazi (TC)

## Special Testing thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)
- Mark Noble (Grove)
- Kate Lozyk (ByWater Solutions)
- Sarah St. Martin (GMILCS)
- Liza Arend (Minuteman)
- Kirstien Kroeger (KK)

## Special Documentation thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)
- Kate Lozyk (ByWater Solutions)

## This release includes sponsored developments from
- Colorado Department of Corrections
- Colorado Library Consortium (CLiC)
- Metropolitan Library System
- Minuteman Library Network
- SWAN Library Network
- Wyoming State Library (WYLD)
