## Aspen LiDA Updates
### Display Updates
- Allow alignment of the optional branding logo within LiDA so it can be left justified, center justified, or right justified. (DIS-199) (*MDN*, *KK*)
- Allow the background color of the branding logo to be set. (DIS-199) (*MDN*)
- Correct spacing of the header bar on iOS devices. (DIS-199) (*MDN*)

## Aspen Discovery Updates
### Aspen Events Updates
- Add a space between the down arrow and the word Export for the Export to iCal action. (DIS-192) (*MDN*)
- Add location options to Aspen Events Settings and update event indexing so that which event locations are visible from which library page can be controlled via these settings. (DIS-192) (*KP*)

### Boundless Updates
- Handle Adobe PDF and Adobe EPUB media types and treat them as eBooks during indexing. (DIS-497) (*MDN*)

### Circulation Reports Updates
- Add column creation date to the weeding report (DIS-516) (*JStaub*)

### CloudLibrary Updates
- Fixed renewals of CloudLibrary titles and updated the UI during the renewal process to be more responsive and user-friendly. (DIS-491) (*LS*)

### Course Reserves Updates
- Fixed an error that a "facet does not exist" for Course Reserve facets which have a sufficiently large number of options due to a missing case in `SearchObjectFactory.php`. (DIS-523) (*LS*)

### Data Object Updates
- Added the `handlePropertyChangeEffects()` method to serve as a central mechanism for managing and executing side effects triggered by property changes across Aspen. (DIS-518) (*LS*)
  - Addressed issues with deletions not triggering reindexing and the need for regrouping, such as when format-related fields change. (DIS-518) (*LS*)
- Created a `forceRegrouping()` method in the `SystemVariables` class to set the `regroupAllRecordsDuringNightlyIndex` flag when record regrouping is required. (DIS-518) (*LS*)
- Added the `dynamic_label` property type to the list of skipped types in `oneToMany` relationships to prevent error messages in logs when saving Indexing Profiles. (DIS-518) (*LS*)
- Added a `readOnly` attribute to the `groupingCategory` property in `FormatMapValue` class to further clarify its read-only nature. (DIS-518) (*LS*)
- Implemented an override of the delete method in `FormatMapValue` class to ensure regrouping is properly triggered when format maps are deleted. (DIS-518) (*LS*)

### ECommerce Updates
- SnapPay/Complete will turn away respectful bots (DIS-583) (*JStaub*)

### Evergreen Updates
- Enable patrons to update their username through the My Preferences page (DIS-240) (*CZ*)

### Hold Updates
- Filter out volumes where all associated items have suppressed statuses from the volume holds dropdown. (DIS-521) (*MDN*, *LS*)

### ILS Exporter Updates
- Enhanced handling of missing item subfields in MARC records to prevent Java exceptions and add informative logging. (DIS-532) (*LS*)

### Indexing Updates
- Add subfield q of the MARC 100 field to the indexed author display name and display in MARC full record view. (DIS-413) (*MDN*)
- Do not strip brackets from titles during the indexing and grouping process. (DIS-412) (*MDN*)
- Add 505t to fields to look at when determining alternate titles. (DIS-449) (*KL*)

### Koha Updates
- Add alert error messages handling to Koha update Contact Information. (DIS-570) (*YL*)
- Correctly handle marc data for authorities depending on Koha's version. (DIS-553) (*LM*)
- Filter notices according to system preferences in the ils (Koha). (DIS-504) (*LM*)

### Local ILL
- Allow Local ILL to be restricted by Patron Type. (DIS-527) (*MDN*)
- Allow requests for Untitled Volumes when volumes are also present on a record. (DIS-34) (*MDN*)
- For specific volumes not owned by a library, show a Request Unavailable action rather than blocking the request later. (DIS-34) (*MDN*)
- Allow note field on Local ILL form to be hidden. (DIS-569) (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Patron Types > Allow Local ILL
</div>

### Materials Request
- Correct loading the number of requests that have been placed in a year when the calendar year is determined by a specific date rather than using a rolling year. (DIS-566) (*MDN*)

### NYT List Updates
- Fixed NYT lists visibility in consortia when using 'Lists from library list publishers Only' option for a library system. (DIS-533) (*LS*)

### Palace Project Updates
- Added `processDeletedCollections()` that identifies collections present in Aspen but missing from the Palace Project API response, properly cleans up their titles, and removes the collections. (DIS-503) (*LS*, *YL*)
- Fixed the runFullUpdate flag not resetting after successful updates. (DIS-505) (*LS*)
- Removed the unused regroupAllRecords flag from Palace Project settings to eliminate confusion. Regrouping happens automatically. (DIS-505) (*LS*)
- Added more extensive logging so users and developers alike understand what the exporter is doing. (DIS-505) (*LS*)
- Disabled editing of the Last Update of Changed Records and Last Update of All Records fields because they are populated by the exporter. (DIS-505) (*LS*)

### Pickup Areas
- Relabel pickup locations to pickup area for clarity and consistency. (DIS-526) (*MDN*)

### Polaris Updates
- Resolved issue with Polaris export failing on duplicate subdomain entries. (DIS-479) (*LS*)
- Enhanced logging for library management to provide better visibility into subdomain conflicts and special account profile situations. (DIS-479) (*LS*)

### Searching Updates
- Fix issue where additional authors from 505r were not being considered in author searches. (DIS-449) (*KL*)

### Serials Display Updates
- Sort serials with the newest issue copy first in search results and the place hold modal. (DIS-353) (*KL*)

### Talpa Integration
- Add a new module for searching Talpa. (DIS-321) (*LP*, *CC*, *AbbyB*)
- Add new settings for Talpa to specify the API Key, terms related to the integration, and where the integration appears.  (DIS-321) (*LP*, *CC*, *AbbyB*, *MDN*)
- When enabled, add Talpa to the search sources list so Talpa can be searched directly. (*LP*, *CC*, *AbbyB*)
- When showing Talpa results, the patron can choose to see only results owned by the library or all Talpa results. (*LP*, *CC*, *AbbyB*, *MDN*)
- When showing a title not owned by the library, the patron can place a materials request for it if materials requests are enabled. (*LP*, *CC*, *AbbyB*)
- Add a background cron to update Talpa with the works owned by the library. (*LP*, *CC*, *AbbyB*, *MDN*)

### Testing Updates
- Add a SIP Tester within local Greenhouse to diagnose connection issues. (DIS-563) (*MDN*)

### Theme Updates
- Restructure LiDA related theme settings into their own section. (DIS-199)
- Allow the LiDA logo header to be left, center, or right justified. (DIS-199) (*MDN*)
- Allow the LiDA logo background color to be defined. (DIS-199) (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Theme & Layout > Themes > Aspen LiDA > Header Logo Alignment
- Theme & Layout > Themes > Aspen LiDA > Header Logo Background Color
</div>

### Other Updates
- Add additional classes to some buttons to make automated testing easier. (DIS-562) (*MDN*)
- Add a noDebug url parameter that can be used to disable IP based debugging for a single URL call. (DIS-564) (*MDN*)
- When importing side loads, change to the correct directory before extracting files. (DIS-567) (*MDN*)
- Correct notice that appears when searching EBSCO EDS or EBSCOhost if LibKey is not set up. (DIS-578) (*MDN*)
- Added extra space to AU RIS field to allow EndNote to recognize the field. (DIS-544) (*AB*)
- Prevent search filters (facets) from resetting the search index to its default (commonly, 'Text') for EBSCO EDS and Summon searches. (DIS-477) (*CZ*)
- Amend Github Actions to additionally push docker images to latest tag. (*JOM*)
- Fixed a null reference error in the breadcrumb generation for records by adding proper validation before calling the `isValid()` method. (DIS-492) (*LS*)
- Added an empty `/Rosen` directory to fix template error when opening the Rosen Level Up Settings page. (DIS-462) (*LS*)
- Prevents the display of an empty Copies section header when all items would be filtered out due to being eContent. (DIS-525) (*LS*)
- Fixed custom form submission logic to return the proper error to the user if the reCAPTCHA/login is required or if the login is invalid. (DIS-556) (*LS*)
- Changed `Reset My Pin` inputs to buttons in many reset-pin related template files to prevent malformed HTML and allow the use of the Translation Button. (DIS-558) (*LS*)
- Modified the volume hold form to bypass volume selection validation when the "First Available Item" radio button is selected. (DIS-576) (*LS*)
- Create a new catalog connection instance when finding a new user to reset a PIN. (DIS-547) (*YL*)
- For libraries that don't allow patrons to update their pickup locations, always use the home libraries as the pickup locations. (DIS-574) (*YL*)
- Assign default value to browseCategoryGroupId for Sierra when importing Libraries and Locations. (DIS-489) (*YL*)
- Fix API requests for new Android Icon for LiDA to fall back to default app icon instead of using LoginLogo. (DIS-580) (*IW*)

## This release includes code contributions from
### ByWater Solutions
- Leo Stoyanov (LS)
- Yanjun Li (YL)
- Ian Walls (IW)

### Grove For Libraries
- Mark Noble (MDN)
- Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
- Katherine Perdue (KP)
- Kodi Lein (KL)

### Library Thing
- Lauren Przywara (LP)
- Chris Catalfo (CC)
- Abby Blachly (AbbyB)

### Nashville Public Library
- James Staub (JStaub)

### Open Fifth
- Alexander Blanchard (AB)
- Chloe Zermatten (CZ)
- Jacob O'Mara (JOM)

### Theke Solutions
- Lucas Montoya (LM)

## Special Testing thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)
- Mark Noble (Grove)

## Special Documentation thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)

## This release includes sponsored developments from
- Arlington Public Library
- Deerfield Public Library
- Gail Borden Public Library
- Helen Plum Public Library
- Minuteman Library Network
- Wyoming State Library (WYLD)
