## Aspen Discovery Updates
// mark
### API Updates
- Return Aspen Native Events when calling getSavedEvents from the Events API. (DIS-707) (*MDN*)
- Use the patron's preferred language for translations if no language parameter is provided for API calls. (DIS-724) (*MDN*) 
- When fetching linked accounts, load expiration dates only rather than the entire account profile. (DIS-726) (*MDN*)
- Optimize getApiInfo for libraries to not lookup theme information twice and not include palace project classes unnecessarily. (DIS-727) (*MDN*)

### Boundless Updates
- Allow the Boundless Indexer to process multiple settings in parallel. (DIS-693) (*MDN*)
- Properly retry Boundless API calls and do not log errors during before all retries complete. (DIS-693) (*MDN*)
- Add a name for Boundless Settings to more easily identify them when a site has many different collections. (DIS-686) (*MDN*)
- Allow the Boundless Indexing Log to be filtered by Setting ID. (DIS-684) (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- System Administration > System Variables > Indexing Settings> Number of Boundless Settings to process in parallel

</div>

### Carl.X Updates
- Load expiration date independently of the rest of the account summary. (DIS-726) (*MDN*)

### Evergreen Updates
- Load expiration date independently of the rest of the account summary. (DIS-726) (*MDN*)

### Koha Updates
- Load expiration date independently of the rest of the account summary. (DIS-726) (*MDN*)

### MARC Record Display 
- Update MARC record display to preserve the order of subfields within the display rather than displaying subfields alphabetically. (DIS-626) (*MDN*)
- Do not display "--" separators within table of contents to improve the layout. (DIS-665) (*MDN*)
- Separate subfields within the 245 with spaces to match cataloging conventions. (DIS-666) (*MDN*)
- For subject fields, only add "--" separators before subfields x, y, z, and v. (DIS-667) (*MDN*)

### Polaris Updates
- Load expiration date independently of the rest of the account summary. (DIS-726) (*MDN*)

### Search Updates
- Update the "Appears on these lists" section within search results to only show lists based on the Public Lists to Include setting for the active library or location. (DIS-490) (*MDN*)
- Update the "Appears on these lists" section within search results to show lists created at the active library before other lists. (DIS-490) (*MDN*)

### Series Updates
- Trim author for a series to 500 characters if it exceeds that length. (DIS-664) (*MDN*)

### Sierra Updates
- Load expiration date independently of the rest of the account summary. (DIS-726) (*MDN*)

### Symphony Updates
- Return title and due date for titles checked out via Scan and Go for LiDA. (DIS-420) (*MDN*)
- Load expiration date independently of the rest of the account summary. (DIS-726) (*MDN*)

### Talpa Updates
- Prevent bots from indexing Talpa data (DIS-722) (*MDN*)
- Correct debug error in the sidebar if tryThisSearchInTalpaSidebarSwitch is disabled. (DIS-722) (*MDN*)

### User List Search Updates
- Correct sorting by date added and date updated in descending orders. (DIS-136) (*MDN*)

### Other Updates
- Display full title as alt text and title for the image within browse category results and for the grid view. (DIS-663) (*MDN*)
- Update so LiDA release notes are loaded dynamically from github. (DIS-501) (*MDN*)
- Correct debug error trying to render RSS Link when no results are found. (DIS-721) (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- System Administration > System Variables > LiDA GitHub Repository URL

</div>

// katherine

// kirstien

// kodi
### Other Updates
- Add a redirect button for A to Z web resources on the default Research & Learn page (DIS-336) (*KL*)

// ian

// imani
### API Updates
- renewItem route in UserAPI updated to check for the interLibraryLoanName from settings as a potential source
## CloudLibrary Updates
- Fixed incorrectly displaying successful checkout when checkout limit in CloudLibrary had been reached. (DIS-593) (*IT*)

// leo
### Browse Categories Updates
- Fixed an issue where expired subcategories briefly showed up on the homepage when you opened it, as they were loaded first and removed a moment later by JavaScript. (DIS-332) (*LS*)

### Cover Images Updates
- Force reloads on book and list covers when no source is provided, ensuring up-to-date images are shown. (DIS-690) (*LS*)

### Events Updates
- Ensured the Springshare LibCal event indexer updates existing events when reprocessing deleted events, avoiding duplicate‑entry SQL errors. (DIS-705) (*LS*)
- Enhanced the Events Indexing Log page by adding standard filtering controls (e.g., "Min Processed," "Show Errors Only") and refactoring the underlying code for consistency with other administrative log pages. (DIS-706) (*LS*)

### Indexing Profile Updates
- When adding a new Indexing Profile, the "Name" field has been changed to a dropdown of Account Profile options. (DIS-678) (*LS*)
- Users may no longer create an Indexing Profile before at least one, valid ILS Account Profile exists. (DIS-678) (*LS*)

### IP Address Updates
- The `ip_lookup` table now supports IPv6 addresses, allowing administrators to manage access rules for IPv6 clients. (DIS-396) (*LS*)
- API access can now be controlled for IPv6 addresses, enabling Aspen to work properly behind CloudFlare and other IPv6-enabled proxies. (DIS-396) (*LS*)
- Implemented validation for IPv6 addresses and ranges; there is currently no support for IPv6 subnets. (DIS-396) (*LS*)
- Administrators can specify IPv6 address ranges using dash notation (e.g., 2001:db8::1-2001:db8::ff) to efficiently manage blocks of IPv6 addresses. (DIS-396) (*LS*)
- Addressed an issue where CloudFlare's use of IPv6 was causing the Library App to be blocked from accessing the Aspen API. (DIS-396) (*LS*)

### Koha Updates
- Enhanced patron type importation to automatically set the account profile of the new patron type based on the existing indexing profile. (DIS-634) (*LS*)
  - If no account profile is found with the `name` set in the Indexing Profile, the patron type will not be imported, and an error will be logged in the Indexing Logs. (DIS-634) (*LS*)
- Fixed failed user object insertions into the DB when accounts were automatically registered with Koha during SSO. (DIS-662) (*LS*)
- Corrected an issue where Aspen might not assign the right purchase suggestion permissions if Koha patron category names were similar (e.g., 'FRIEND' and 'NUFRIEND'). (DIS-495) (*LS*)

### Side Loads Updates
- Updated the "Usage Dashboard" breadcrumb link to point to the correct path. (DIS-679) (*LS*)
- Filtered "Records Accessed Online" usage graphs to display data specific to each side load. (DIS-679) (*LS*)

### SSO Updates
- Fixed an issue where users were not properly redirected back to the page they were viewing before a successful SSO. (DIS-631) (*LS*)
- Enhanced session handling to maintain state during AJAX operations when setting return-to locations. (DIS-631) (*LS*)
- Improved SSO redirect behavior to preserve the exact search parameters and page position when logging in from search results. (DIS-631) (*LS*)

### Syndetics Updates
- The Syndetics Key field will no longer be hidden under a Syndetics Setting when Syndetics Unbound is enabled; they key is required for cover images. (DIS-675) (*LS*)

### Themes Updates
- Resolved an issue where placard images were sometimes cut off and did not fill their designated space in terms of height. (DIS-699) (*LS*)
- Added a new theme setting under "Placards" in the Theme editor, allowing users to optionally set a maximum display height (in pixels) for placard images. (DIS-699) (*LS*) 
- The theme edit page now hides the current theme from the "Extends Theme" dropdown to prevent selecting itself. (DIS-653) (*LS*)
- Themes can no longer be saved with invalid parent themes; self-references and missing parent themes are automatically cleared. (DIS-653) (*LS*)

### Web Builder Updates
- Increased the maximum length allowed for options in "Select List" fields, enabling the use of longer values. (DIS-671) (*LS*)
- Improved the admin interface for "Select List" fields by making the input box for options larger and automatically resizing it to fit the content. (DIS-671) (*LS*)

### Other Updates
- Updated logic to ensure publication details, editions, and ISBNs/ISSNs display correctly under "More Details" when they are not set to be displayed in the top detail section. (DIS-622) (*LS*)
- Changed `.browse-thumbnail` CSS rule from `display: inline-block` to `display: inline-flex` to properly align items within the grid without affecting masonry layouts. (DIS-114) (*LS*)
- Added existence check for `'patronIdCheck'` when editing an object. (DIS-648) (*LS*)
- Fixed duplicate alert boxes on the SSO Settings page. (DIS-652) (*LS*)
- Ensured physical descriptions containing abbreviations of "p." display correctly without unintended word changes (e.g., "strap." no longer becomes "strapages."). (DIS-694) (*LS*)

// yanjun
### Palace Project Updates
- Add a field to store the palace project library id in Library systems for patron circulations. (DIS-703) (*YL*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Library Settings > Palace Project > Palace Project Library ID

</div>

// james
### Holds Updates
- Fix invisible-to-user AJAX error when 'volume' not present in hold request. (*JStaub*)

// alexander
### Community Engagement Updates
- Added the option of hiding the reward name on user campaign pages for digital rewards. (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added a dashboard to the Community Engagement module with the ability to download data about patron engagement. (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added a manual milestone type that has the option of allowing users to add their own progress and allows library staff to add their own progress. (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added an optional enrollment period to campaigns and prevented enroll buttons from displaying outside of these dates. (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added a landing page for each campaign that can be reached by admin for enrollment purposes. (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added the ability for users to opt in or out of email notifications about campaigns. Overall opt in My Preferences and a per campaign opt in on the campaign table. (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added the ability to send an email when a user completes a campaign to a staff configured email address in Library Systems->Community Engagement. (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added email templates for campaign completion, campaign start and end, enrollment, milestone completion and a staff alert of campaign completion. (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added the ability to share digital rewards on social media (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added the option to set digital rewards to be automatically rewarded on milestone completion (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added a leaderboard that can be viewed by user or by branch - configurable in Library Systems->Community Engagement - that is editable in Grapes JS (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added the ability to opt in and out of appearing on campaign leaderboards when the library is displaying leaderboards by user. (DIS-352) (*AB*)
- Added the ability to see the campaigns of linked users. (DIS-352) (*AB)

## Community Engagement
- Added the required attribute to the reward for completing a campaign on the campaign object to prevent attempts at saving without this field. (DIS-605) (*AB*)
- Add the option to highlight campaigns in the account area by adding a toggle in the Basic Display Settings. (DIS-632) (*AB*)
- Added a weight column to the campaign milestone table to allow sorting in the Bento box to remain on save. (DIS-606) (*AB*)

### My Account
- Added the ability to filter checked out items by linked user. (DIS-313) (*AB*)
- Added the ability to be able to export only selected checkouts to CSV. (DIS-313) (*AB*)
- Added toggles in Library Systems, ILS/ Account Integration to allow libraries to control use of these features (DIS-313) (*AB*)

// chloe
### eCommerce Updates
#### HeyCentric integration
##### Public
- Having selected the debts that patrons wish to settle while on the MyAccount / Fines page, patrons can click the ‘Click to Pay Fines Online’ button which takes them to the HeyCentric payment platform. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- When landing on the HeyCentric payment platform, patrons see the amount they selected to pay while on Aspen to be reflected on the payment form. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- If patrons are making a payment for more containing more than one line, each of these are display, as well as the total amount. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- After completing their payment attempt on HeyCentric, patrons are redirected to Aspen Discovery and land on the MyAccount / Fines page. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- Upon landing on the MyAccount / Fines page, patrons see a message letting them know whether their payment attempt was successful (approved) or not (declined). (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- If a patron had cancelled their payment attempt while on the HeyCentric platform, they see a message confirming that their payment was cancelled. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- Additionally, if a payment was successful, the relevant fines or debts are updated in the ILS and the MyAccount / Fines page in Aspen is reloaded to reflect this. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
##### Staff
- Administrators can set permissions to manage HeyCentric settings at the system level. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
- Administrators with the right permissions can:
  - manage HeyCentric settings and assign them to libraries. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
  - select which settings fields are to be included when generating the hash. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
  - select which settings fields are to be included when generating the payment URL. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
  - see if Aspen will assign a value to a URL parameter by default by consulting the tooltip for the 'Value to assign to this URL parameter if known' setting. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
  - set a specific value to be assigned a given URL parameter based on the active HeyCentric setting. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)
  - assign the values stored in a specific Koha ILS database and fields to a given URL parameter, including additional fields. (DIS-76) (*CZ*)

### Koha Updates
- Improve error handling so that informative error messages are displayed to the user on page load for MyAccount/MyPrivacySettings. (DIS-645) (*CZ*)

### Privacy Settings Updates
- When launching the /MyAccount/MyPrivacySettings page, if the current action is ‘save’, return immediately after the redirect to prevent unecessart methods being called and errors being generated. (*CZ*)

### Other Updates
- Prevent errors being displayed to the user: prevent 'PUT' requests being sent instead 'GET' requests by adding a method allowing to reset the CURLOPT_CUSTOMREQUEST option to the CurlWrapper class. (DIS-644) (*CZ*)

// jacob

// lucas
### Docker Updates
- Fix : The paths of both solr and tunnel Dockerfiles have been updated in the gitlab-ci.yml (DIS-629) (*LM*)
- Fix: Make the backend wait for the database service between sudden restarts. (DIS-713) (*LM*) 
- Fix : Make data persist correctly between restarts and recreate symbolic links. (DIS-710) (*LM*)

### Other updates
- Add option to enable forced debugging of eCommerce application responses (DIS-416) (*LM*)

## This release includes code contributions from
### ByWater Solutions
- Leo Stoyanov (LS)
- Yanjun Li (YL)
- Imani Thomas (IT)
- Ian Walls (IW)

### Grove For Libraries
- Mark Noble (MDN)
- Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
- Katherine Perdue (KP)
- Kodi Lein (KL)

### Library Thing
- Lauren Przywara (LP)
- Chris Catalfo (CC)
- Abby Blachly (AbbyB)

### Nashville Public Library
- James Staub (JStaub)

### Open Fifth
- Alexander Blanchard (AB)
- Chloe Zermatten (CZ)
- Jacob O'Mara (JOM)

### Theke Solutions
- Lucas Montoya (LM)

## Special Testing thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)
- Mark Noble (Grove)

## Special Documentation thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)

## This release includes sponsored developments from

