## Aspen Discovery Updates
// mark
### Indexing Updates
- When re-grouping Boundless records, generate a note in the log rather than an error if the record has been deleted. (DIS-769) (*MDN*)

### Sierra Updates
- Improve the speed of loading the patron account summary. (DIS-764) (*MDN*)

// katherine

// kirstien

// kodi

// ian

// imani

// leo
### Palace Project Updates
- Palace Project titles will now display the correct language more reliably, so language filters and searches better match the actual content. (DIS-752) (*LS*)

### Koha Updates
- Resolved an issue that could prevent users with expired passwords from successfully resetting their password when prompted on the login screen. (DIS-744) (*LS*)
- Patrons’ reading histories now update correctly each night, ensuring their recent check-outs and returns are always recorded, even if they haven’t signed in daily. (DIS-768) (*LS*)

### Reading History Updates
- Fixed a memory leak that occurred when loading Reading History, especially for titles with many copies or volumes, ensuring large reading-history imports complete successfully. (DIS-766) (*LS*)
- The process for initially loading reading history from the ILS now runs as a background cron job. This prevents browser/web server timeouts and ensures a responsive user interface. (DIS-766) (*LS*)
  - It is triggered only when a user first views his Reading History page after opting in, or when manually initiated by an administrator via the Greenhouse. (DIS-766) (*LS*)
  - It will automatically detect and retry users whose previous import attempts may have stalled. (DIS-766) (*LS*)
- Updated the loading indicator on the "My Reading History" page to display a centered spinner icon. (DIS-766) (*LS*)
- Improved the layout responsiveness of the action buttons on the "My Reading History" page for better alignment and wrapping on various screen sizes. (DIS-766) (*LS*)
- Updated the results display on the "Reload Reading History from ILS" tool in Greenhouse. (DIS-766) (*LS*)

// yanjun

// laura

// james

// alexander
### Community Engagement Updates
- Prevented user from being able to add the same milestone to a campaign multiple times by only saving the first instance and adding a note to inform users to use each milestone only once per campaign. (DIS-608) (*AB*)

// chloe

// jacob

// lucas


## This release includes code contributions from
### ByWater Solutions
- Leo Stoyanov (LS)
- Yanjun Li (YL)
- Imani Thomas (IT)
- Ian Walls (IW)
- Laura Escamilla (LE)

### Grove For Libraries
- Mark Noble (MDN)
- Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
- Katherine Perdue (KP)
- Kodi Lein (KL)

### Nashville Public Library
- James Staub (JStaub)

### Open Fifth
- Alexander Blanchard (AB)
- Chloe Zermatten (CZ)
- Jacob O'Mara (JOM)

### Theke Solutions
- Lucas Montoya (LM)

## Special Testing thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)
- Mark Noble (Grove)

## Special Documentation thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Jordan Fields (Grove)

## This release includes sponsored developments from
